Update "Deploying with Now" Guide (#10390)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/deploying-to-now.md

title: Deploying to Now
---

[ZEIT Now](https://zeit.co/now) is a [cloud platform for serverless deployment](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/getting-started/introduction-to-now/) that you can use to deploy your Gatsby projects and [alias them](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/domains-and-aliases/aliasing-a-deployment/) to your domain or a free `.now.sh` suffixed URL.

This guide will show you how to get started in a few quick steps:

## Step 1: Getting Started with Gatsby
If you haven't already [set up a Gatsby project](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/quick-start) you can do so by using npm's `npx` command in your terminal:

```shell

> npx gatsby new <your project name>

Reviewer: AFAIK we deliberately don't use `npx` in the docs since we still support Node 6

```

## Step 2: Getting Now

> If you're not acquainted with Now, it is an easy-to-use cloud platform for serverless deployments that you can use from [the command-line](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/getting-started/installation/#now-cli) or [the desktop app](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/getting-started/installation/#now-desktop)

Reviewer: This can be simplified since you already explained what Now is at the beginning of the guide

We recommend that you download and [install Now Desktop](https://zeit.co/download) which installs Now CLI and keeps it up-to-date automatically.

> To install Now CLI quickly, use the following:

Reviewer: For brevity, I think we should focus on one of the installation methods here and just quickly mention the other, e.g.

```markdown
We recommend that you download and [install Now Desktop](https://zeit.co/download) which installs Now CLI and keeps it up-to-date automatically. You can also [install Now CLI via npm](https://example.com).
```

```shell
npm install -g now
```

## Step 3: Preparing to Deploy

With Now CLI installed, we can go on to deploy our previously setup Gatsby project by first creating a `now.json` file with the following contents:

```json:title=now.json
{
  "version": 2,
  "name": "my-gatsby-project",
  "builds": [
    { "src": "package.json", "use": "@now/static-build", "config": {"distDir": "public"} }
  ]
}
```

This will allow Now to understand that we want to use the [latest Now 2.0 version](https://zeit.co/blog/now-2) of [the platform](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/platform/overview/), to set the project name to be `my-gatsby-project`, and to use the [@now/static-build builder](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/deployments/official-builders/static-build-now-static-build/) to take the `package.json` file as an entrypoint and use the `public` directory as the directory our final content will end up at.

The final setup step is to add a script to the `package.json` which will build our application:
```json:title=package.json
{
  "scripts": {
    ...

>     "now-build": "npm run build"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "now-build": "gatsby build"
```

Better make this package manager independent, since some may prefer using Yarn.

Reviewer 2: @jgierer12 I don't actually agree with this change! We want to run the `build` script here in case there is anything (e.g. cleanup, setup, etc.) that is built into the build script.

I generally use `npm run` even though I am yarn user, and I think this makes sense since _every_ yarn user will also have npm, and I can't see a benefit to using `yarn run [task]`

Reviewer: That's true, I sometimes see people completely avoiding `npm` but in this case it actually makes sense.

  }
}
```

## Step 4: Deploying

You can deploy your application by running the following in the root of the project directory, where the `now.json` is:

> `now`

Reviewer: ~~~markdown
```bash
now
```
~~~

title: Deploying to Now
---

> [ZEIT Now](https://zeit.co/now) is a [cloud platform for serverless deployment](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/getting-started/introduction-to-now/) that you can use to deploy your Gatsby projects and [alias them](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/domains-and-aliases/aliasing-a-deployment/) to your domain or a free `.now.sh` suffixed URL.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[ZEIT Now](https://zeit.co/now) is a [cloud platform for serverless deployment](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/getting-started/introduction-to-now/) that you can use to deploy your Gatsby projects and [alias them](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/domains-and-aliases/aliasing-a-deployment/) to your personal domain or a free `.now.sh` suffixed URL.
```

This guide will show you how to get started in a few quick steps:

## Step 1: Getting Started with Gatsby
If you haven't already [set up a Gatsby project](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/quick-start) you can do so by first installing Gatsby globally:

```shell
npm install --global gatsby-cli
```

Then generate a project with the following command:
```shell
gatsby new <your project name>
```

## Step 2: Getting Now

You can use Now by installing [Now Desktop](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/getting-started/installation/#now-desktop), which also installs Now CLI and keeps it up-to-date automatically.

To install Now CLI quickly with npm, use the following:
```shell
npm install -g now
```

## Step 3: Preparing to Deploy

With Now CLI installed, we can go on to deploy our previously setup Gatsby project by first creating a `now.json` file with the following contents:

```json:title=now.json
{
  "version": 2,
  "name": "my-gatsby-project",
  "builds": [
    { "src": "package.json", "use": "@now/static-build", "config": {"distDir": "public"} }
  ]
}
```

> This will allow Now to understand that we want to use the [latest Now 2.0 version](https://zeit.co/blog/now-2) of [the platform](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/platform/overview/), to set the project name to be `my-gatsby-project`, and to use the [@now/static-build builder](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/deployments/official-builders/static-build-now-static-build/) to take the `package.json` file as an entrypoint and use the `public` directory as the directory our final content will end up at.

Reviewer 2: Can we re-visit this? It's quite a sentence. I think it may be helpful to break this out into a list, e.g.

```suggestion
This `now.json` file will allow us to do several things, specifically:

- Use the [latest Now 2.0 version](https://zeit.co/blog/now-2) of [the platform](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/platform/overview/)
- Set the project name to `my-gatsby-project`
- Use the [@now/static-build builder](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/deployments/official-builders/static-build-now-static-build/) to take the `package.json` file as an entrypoint and use the `public` directory as the our content directory
```

> The final setup step is to add a script to the `package.json` which will build our application:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The final step is to add a script to the `package.json` which will build our application:
```

```json:title=package.json
{
  "scripts": {
    ...
    "now-build": "npm run build"
  }
}
```

## Step 4: Deploying

You can deploy your application by running the following in the root of the project directory, where the `now.json` is:
```bash
now
```

That's all! Your application will now deploy, and you will receive a link similar to the following: https://my-gatsby-project-fhcc9hnqc.now.sh/

## References:
- [Deploying Gatsby with Now](https://zeit.co/examples/gatsby/)

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer 2: (removing an extra line)

This guide will show you how to get started in a few quick steps:

## Step 1: Getting Started with Gatsby

If you haven't already [set up a Gatsby project](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/quick-start) you can do so by first installing Gatsby globally:

```shell
npm install --global gatsby-cli
```

Then generate a project with the following command:

```shell
gatsby new <your project name>
```

## Step 2: Getting Now

You can use Now by installing [Now Desktop](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/getting-started/installation/#now-desktop), which also installs Now CLI and keeps it up-to-date automatically.

To install Now CLI quickly with npm, use the following:

```shell
npm install -g now
```

## Step 3: Preparing to Deploy

With Now CLI installed, we can go on to deploy our previously setup Gatsby project by first creating a `now.json` file with the following contents:

> ```json:title=now.json

Reviewer 3: is this at the root of the project?

{
  "version": 2,
  "name": "my-gatsby-project",
  "builds": [
    {
      "src": "package.json",
      "use": "@now/static-build",
      "config": { "distDir": "public" }
    }
  ]
}
```

This `now.json` file will allow us to do several things, specifically:

- Use the [latest Now 2.0 version](https://zeit.co/blog/now-2) of [the platform](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/platform/overview/)
- Set the project name to `my-gatsby-project`
- Use the [@now/static-build builder](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/deployments/official-builders/static-build-now-static-build/) to take the `package.json` file as an entrypoint and use the `public` directory as the our content directory

> The final step is to add a script to the `package.json` which will build our application:

Reviewer 3: *your application
